# `P20302` - Rollercoasters

Write a program that reads rollercoasters from the standard input, then sorts and prints them to the standard output.

## The input

The standard input contains data of rollercoasters. A rollercoaster has four properties:

* `name`: name of the coaster (string)
* `world`: name of the world (string)
* `height`: minimum height of people (integer)
* `time`: waiting time (integer)

Each line represents a single rollercoaster in the following format:

```
<name>;<world>;<height>;<time>
```

## The logic

The rollercoasters should be compared using the following stages:

1. waiting time (ascending)
2. height (descending)
3. name (ascending)

### Additional OO steps

Please define your class to meet the following requirements:

1. Name the class as `RollerCoaster` and place it in package `leasure`.
1. Define a constructor that has the parameters for all the fields!
1. Define a constructor that has the parameters for all the fields except the `height`. The default `height` should be `120`.
1. Define a constructor that accepts the full CSV line (as a `String`) and manages the tokenization and parsing.
1. Guarantee that the fields are non-visible from other classes.
1. Make the `name` and `world` fields read-only.
1. Define getter methods for all the fields and setter methods for the modifiable fields as well.
1. Override the inherited `toString()` method to return the expected string representation and use it in the `main` method.
1. Override the inherited `equals()` and `hashCode()` methods to ensure that two instances are equal if and only if their `name` and `world` fields are the same.
1. You should support the sorting by implementing the `Comparable` interface.

## The output

The program should print each rollercoaster to the standard output (in the correct order), in the following format:

```
<name> (<world>): <time>
```

## Examples

### Standard input

1.  The end of the input is denoted with `EOF`. It is guaranteed, that the standard input contains at most `20` lines.

    ```
    Furius baco;Mediterranea;140;120
    Shambhala;China;140;120
    Dragon Khan;China;140;80
    Stampida;Far West;120;20
    Tami Tami;SesamoAventura;100;20
    El Diablo;Mexico;140;30
    ```

1.  The end of the input is denoted with a line containing character sequence `"END"`. It is guaranteed, that the standard input contains at most `20` lines. The last line should not be processed.

    ```
    Furius baco;Mediterranea;140;120
    Shambhala;China;140;120
    Dragon Khan;China;140;80
    Stampida;Far West;120;20
    Tami Tami;SesamoAventura;100;20
    El Diablo;Mexico;140;30
    END
    ```

1.  The first line of the input contains value `n` denoting the number of rollercoasters. Each of the next `n` lines describes a rollercoaster. It is guaranteed, that the standard input contains at most `20` lines. The empty line should not be processed.

    ```
    6
    Furius baco;Mediterranea;140;120
    Shambhala;China;140;120
    Dragon Khan;China;140;80
    Stampida;Far West;120;20
    Tami Tami;SesamoAventura;100;20
    El Diablo;Mexico;140;30
    ```

### Standard output

```
Stampida (Far West): 20
Tami Tami (SesamoAventura): 20
El Diablo (Mexico): 30
Dragon Khan (China): 80
Furius baco (Polynesia): 120
Shambhala (China): 120
```