# `P20301` - Airports

Write a program that reads airports from the standard input, then sorts and prints them to the standard output.

## The input

The standard input contains data of airports. A airport has four properties:

* `name`: name of the airport (string)
* `city`: name of the city (string)
* `runways`: number of runways (integer)
* `time`: transfer time (integer)

Each line represents a single airport in the following format:

```
<name>;<city>;<runways>;<time>
```

## The logic

The airports should be compared using the following stages:

1. number of runways (descending)
2. transfer time (descending)
3. name (ascending)

### Additional OO steps

Please define your class to meet the following requirements:

1. Name the class as `Airport` and place it in package `aviation`.
1. Define a constructor that has the parameters for all the fields!
1. Define a constructor that has the parameters for all the fields except the `runways`. The default `runways` should be `1`.
1. Define a constructor that accepts the full CSV line (as a `String`) and manages the tokenization and parsing.
1. Guarantee that the fields are non-visible from other classes.
1. Make the `name` and `city` fields read-only.
1. Define getter methods for all the fields and setter methods for the modifiable fields as well.
1. Override the inherited `toString()` method to return the expected string representation and use it in the `main` method.
1. Override the inherited `equals()` and `hashCode()` methods to ensure that two instances are equal if and only if their `name` and `city` fields are the same.
1. You should support the sorting by implementing the `Comparable` interface.

## The output

The program should print each airport to the standard output (in the correct order), in the following format:

```
<name> (<city>): <time>
```

## Examples

### Standard input

1.  The end of the input is denoted with `EOF`. It is guaranteed, that the standard input contains at most `20` lines.

    ```
    Zurich Kloten;Zurich;3;360
    London Heathrow;London;2;240
    Istanbul Ataturk;Isztambul;3;120
    Barcelona El Prat;Barcelona;3;150
    ```

1.  The end of the input is denoted with a line containing character sequence `"END"`. It is guaranteed, that the standard input contains at most `20` lines. The last line should not be processed.

    ```
    Zurich Kloten;Zurich;3;360
    London Heathrow;London;2;240
    Istanbul Ataturk;Isztambul;3;120
    Barcelona El Prat;Barcelona;3;150
    END
    ```

2.  The first line of the input contains value `n` denoting the number of airports. Each of the next `n` lines describes a airport. It is guaranteed, that the standard input contains at most `20` lines. The empty line should not be processed.

    ```
    4
    Zurich Kloten;Zurich;3;360
    London Heathrow;London;2;240
    Istanbul Ataturk;Isztambul;3;120
    Barcelona El Prat;Barcelona;3;150
    ```

### Standard output

```
Zurich Kloten (Zurich): 360
Barcelona El Prat (Barcelona): 150
Istanbul Ataturk (Isztambul): 120
London Heathrow (London): 240
```