# `P20303` - LEGO sets

Write a program that reads lego sets from the standard input, then sorts and prints them to the standard output.

## The input

The standard input contains data of lego sets. A lego set has four properties:

* `number`: number of the set (string)
* `name`: name of the set (string)
* `theme`: theme of the set (string)
* `pieces`: pieces in the set (integer)

Each line represents a single LEGO set in the following format:

```
<code>;<name>;<theme>;<pieces>
```

## The logic

The LEGO sets should be compared using the following stages:

1. pieces (descending)
2. theme (ascending)
3. name (ascending)
4. code (ascending)

### Additional OO steps

Please define your class to meet the following requirements:

1. Name the class as `LegoSet` and place it in package `toys`.
1. Define a constructor that has the parameters for all the fields!
1. Define a constructor that has the parameters for all the fields except the `theme`. The default `theme` should be `Lego City`.
1. Define a constructor that accepts the full CSV line (as a `String`) and manages the tokenization and parsing.
1. Guarantee that the fields are non-visible from other classes.
1. Make the `pieces` and `theme` fields read-only.
1. Define getter methods for all the fields and setter methods for the modifiable fields as well.
1. Override the inherited `toString()` method to return the expected string representation and use it in the `main` method.
1. Override the inherited `equals()` and `hashCode()` methods to ensure that two instances are equal if and only if their `number` fields are the same.
1. You should support the sorting by implementing the `Comparable` interface.

## The output

The program should print each lego set to the standard output (in the correct order), in the following format:

```
<name> (<code>): <pieces> - <theme>
```

## Examples

### Standard input

1.  The end of the input is denoted with `EOF`. It is guaranteed, that the standard input contains at most `20` lines.

    ```
    30356;Hot dog stand;Lego City;43
    30360;Arctic Ice Saw;Lego City;43
    30381;Imperial TIE Fighter;Lego Star Wars;42
    10258;London Bus;Lego Creator Expert;1686
    10253;Big Ben;Lego Creator Expert;4163
    ```

1.  The end of the input is denoted with a line containing character sequence `"END"`. It is guaranteed, that the standard input contains at most `20` lines. The last line should not be processed.

    ```
    30356;Hot dog stand;Lego City;43
    30360;Arctic Ice Saw;Lego City;43
    30381;Imperial TIE Fighter;Lego Star Wars;42
    10258;London Bus;Lego Creator Expert;1686
    10253;Big Ben;Lego Creator Expert;4163
    END
    ```

1.  The first line of the input contains value `n` denoting the number of lego sets. Each of the next `n` lines describes a lego set. It is guaranteed, that the standard input contains at most `20` lines. The empty line should not be processed.

    ```
    5
    30356;Hot dog stand;Lego City;43
    30360;Arctic Ice Saw;Lego City;43
    30381;Imperial TIE Fighter;Lego Star Wars;42
    10258;London Bus;Lego Creator Expert;1686
    10253;Big Ben;Lego Creator Expert;4163
    ```

### Standard output

The standard output should have exactly the same format as the standard input had, except the representation of the objects (instead of CSV files)

```
Big Ben (10253): 4163 - Lego Creator Expert
London Bus (10258): 1686 - Lego Creator Expert
Arctic Ice Saw (30360): 43 - Lego City
Hot dog stand (30356): 43 - Lego City
Imperial TIE Fighter (30381): 42 - Lego Star Wars
```
