# `P20401` - People and students

## Defining class `Person`

Define a class to represent a person having the following fields:

1. `id`: the ID of the person (type: string)
1. `name`: the name of the person (type: string)
1. `age`: the age of the person (type: a non-negative integer)

Please create your solution to meet the following requirements:

1. Name the class as `Person` and place it in the package `people`.
1. Define a constructor that has the parameters for all the fields!
1. Define a constructor that has the parameters for all the fields except the `age`. The default value for that field should be `0`.
1. Use the default (package) visibility for the fields.
1. Make the `id` field read-only.
1. Define getter methods for all the fields and setter methods for the modifiable fields as well.
1. Override the inherited `toString()` method to return a well-detailed string representation of the state.
1. Override the inherited `equals()` and `hashCode()` methods to ensure that two instances are equal if and only if their `id` fields are the same.
1. You should support the comparison by implementing the `Comparable` interface. The natural order of the instances is the following:
   1. `age` (descending)
   1. `name` (ascending)
   1. `id` (ascending)

## Defining class `Student`

Derive a class from class `Person` to represent a student having the following additional fields:

1. `neptun`: the Neptun-code of the person (type: string)
1. `program`: the program of the person (type: string)

Please create your solution to meet the following requirements:

1. Name the class as `Student` and place it in package `people`.
1. Define a constructor that has the parameters for all the fields!
1. Define a constructor that has the parameters for all the fields except the `age`. The default value for that field should be `18`.
1. Define a constructor that has the parameters for all the fields except the `age` and `program`. The default value for that fields should be `18` and `CS BSc`.
1. Use the private visibility for the fields.
1. Make the `neptun` field read-only.
1. Define getter methods for all the fields and setter methods for the modifiable fields as well.
1. Override the inherited `toString()` method to return a well-detailed string representation of the state.

## Defining class `Test`

Define the class `Test` in the same package to read CSV records from the standard input, sort them, and print them to the standard output in the same format, following the instructions:

1. The standard input and the standard output use `';'` as the delimiter.
1. The formats of the standard input and the standard output are identical.
1. The end of the input is denoted with the line `"END"`. It is guaranteed, that the standard input contains at most `125` records.
1. Each line of the standard output contains a record in the following formats:

    1. `<id>;<name>;<age>` in the case of a person
    1. `<id>;<name>;<age>;<neptun>;<program>` in the case of a student

1. Use the built-in `Array.sort()` method for sorting the array.

## Testing OO techniques

### Using the `final` keyword on methods and classes

1. Try to add the `final` modifier to your classes. What happens after adding it to the `Person` class?
1. Try to add the `final` modifier to some methods of your `Person` class. What happens after adding it to the `toString()` method?

## Sample input

```
P1;Person 1;20
P2;Person 2;50
S1;Student 1;20;ABCDEF;CS BSc
S2;Student 2;18;XYZ123;CSE BSc
S3;Student 3;25;ZZZZZZ;BI BSc
END
```

## Sample output

The output depends on your `toString()` implementation.