# `P20412` - Roller Coasters

Write a program that reads roller coasters from the standard input, then sorts and prints them to the standard output.

## The input

The standard input contains records of roller coasters. A record has the following properties:

* `name`: name of the coaster (string)
* `world`: name of the world (string)
* `height`: minimum height of people (integer)
* `time`: waiting time (integer)

Each line of the standard input and standard output represents a single record in the following format:

```
<name>;<world>;<height>;<time>
```

### Additional OO steps

Please define your class to meet the following requirements:

1. Name the class as `RollerCoaster` and place it in package `leasure`.
1. Define a constructor that has the parameters for all the fields!
1. Define a constructor that has the parameters for all the fields except the `height`. The default `height` should be `120`.
1. Define a constructor that accepts the full CSV line (as a `String`) and manages the tokenization and parsing.
1. Guarantee that the fields are non-visible from other classes.
1. Make the `name` and `world` fields read-only.
1. Define getter methods for all the fields and setter methods for the modifiable fields as well.
1. Override the inherited `toString()` method to return the expected string representation and use it in the `main` method.
1. Override the inherited `equals()` and `hashCode()` methods to ensure that two instances are equal if and only if their `name` and `world` fields are the same.

## Sorting, version 1

Define the natural order of the instances implementing the `Comparable` interface. Use the following stages:

1. waiting time (ascending)
2. height (descending)
3. name (ascending)

Sort the array in the `main()` method and print the records to the standard output in their sorted order!

## Sorting, version 2

Define a class that is capable of comparing two instances implementing the `Comparator` interface. Define the class as a top-level one in the original source code. Use the following stages:

2. height (descending)
1. waiting time (ascending)
3. name (ascending)

Sort the array in the `main()` method and print the records to the standard output in their sorted order! Print an empty line before these rows to separate the actual output from the previous one.

## Sorting, version 3

Define a class that is capable of comparing two instances implementing the `Comparator` interface. Define the class as a nested one inside your original class. Use the following stages:

1. world (ascending)
1. waiting time (descending)
1. name (descending)

Sort the array in the `main()` method and print the records to the standard output in their sorted order! Print an empty line before these rows to separate the actual output from the previous one.

## Sorting, version 4

Define a class that is capable of comparing two instances implementing the `Comparator` interface. Define the class as a static nested one inside your original class. Use the following stages:

1. world (descending)
1. height (ascending)
1. name (ascending)

Sort the array in the `main()` method and print the records to the standard output in their sorted order! Print an empty line before these rows to separate the actual output from the previous one.

## Sorting, version 5

Define an anonymous that is capable of comparing two instances implementing the `Comparator` interface. Use the following stages:

1. height (descending)
1. world (ascending)
1. name (descending)

Sort the array in the `main()` method and print the records to the standard output in their sorted order! Print an empty line before these rows to separate the actual output from the previous one.

## Example

### Standard input

```
Furius baco;Mediterranea;140;120
Shambhala;China;140;120
Dragon Khan;China;140;80
Stampida;Far West;120;20
Tami Tami;SesamoAventura;100;20
El Diablo;Mexico;140;30
```

### Standard output

```
Stampida;Far West;120;20
Tami Tami;SesamoAventura;100;20
El Diablo;Mexico;140;30
Dragon Khan;China;140;80
Furius baco;Mediterranea;140;120
Shambhala;China;140;120

Furius baco;Mediterranea;140;120
Shambhala;China;140;120
Dragon Khan;China;140;80
El Diablo;Mexico;140;30
Stampida;Far West;120;20
Tami Tami;SesamoAventura;100;20

Tami Tami;SesamoAventura;100;20
El Diablo;Mexico;140;30
Furius baco;Mediterranea;140;120
Stampida;Far West;120;20
Dragon Khan;China;140;80
Shambhala;China;140;120

Dragon Khan;China;140;80
Shambhala;China;140;120
Stampida;Far West;120;20
Furius baco;Mediterranea;140;120
El Diablo;Mexico;140;30
Tami Tami;SesamoAventura;100;20

Shambhala;China;140;120
Dragon Khan;China;140;80
Furius baco;Mediterranea;140;120
El Diablo;Mexico;140;30
Stampida;Far West;120;20
Tami Tami;SesamoAventura;100;20
```
