# `P2B3E01` - Airports (`B3`)

Write a program that reads records from a CSV file, then prints them to the standard output and another CSV file applying two different orders.

## Defining class `Airport`

Define a class to represent an airport:

1. Put the class in the package `aviation` and use the public visibility.
1. Define the following fields:

   1. `name`: name of the airport (type: `String`)
   1. `city`: name of the city (an enumerated type, see the next section)
   1. `runways`: number of runways (type: `int`)
   1. `time`: transfer time (type: `int`)

1. Define a constructor that has the parameters for all the fields!
1. Define a constructor that has the parameters for all the fields except the `runways`. The default `runways` must be `1`.
1. Define a constructor that accepts the full CSV line (as a `String`) and manages the tokenization and parsing. Scroll down to the section *Defining the `main()` method* for more details.
1. Guarantee that the fields are non-visible from other classes.
1. Make the `name` and `city` fields read-only.
1. Define getter methods for all the fields and setter methods for the modifiable fields as well.
1. Override the inherited `toString()` method to return the expected string representation and use it in the `main()` method later. Scroll down to the section *Defining the `main()` method* for more details.
1. Override the inherited `equals()` and `hashCode()` methods to ensure that two instances are equal if and only if their `name` and `city` fields are the same.
1. Define the natural order of the instances by implementing the `Comparable` interface. Use the following stages:

   1. number of runways (descending)
   1. transfer time (descending)
   1. name (ascending)

## Defining enum `City`

Define the `City` enum class to represent the cities:

1. Define it as class `Airport`'s static nested class and use the public visibility.
1. Define the following values:

   1. `ZURICH` (represents *Zurich*)
   1. `LONDON` (represents *London*)
   1. `ISTANBUL` (represents *Istanbul*)
   1. `BARCELONA` (represents *Barcelona*)

1. Define the field `name` (type: `String`) to store the represented values.
1. Make the field as private and read-only.
1. Define a constructor that initializes the field.
1. Guarantee that the `name` field of each value gets the corresponding `name` field by invoking the constructor.
1. Define the static method `parseCity()` that gets a string representation of a constant and returns its corresponding value. The method must throw an `IllegalArgumentException` with a corresponding message in the case of a mismatch.
1. Override the inherited `toString()` method to return the `name` field's value.

## Defining class `MegaAirport`

1. Derive the class from class `Airport` to represent a "mega-airport".
1. Define the class as another top-level one of the original source code and use the package-level visibility.
1. Define the following additional field:

   * `terminals`: the number of terminals (type: `int`)

1. Define a constructor that accepts the full CSV line (as a `String`) and manages the tokenization and parsing. Scroll down to the section *Defining the `main()` method* for more details.
1. Guarantee that the field is non-visible from other classes.
1. Make the field read-only.
1. Define a getter method for the field.
1. Override the inherited `toString()` method to return the expected string representation and use it in the `main()` method later. The method must reuse the inherited `toString()` implementation. Scroll down to the section *Defining the `main()` method* for more details.

## Defining class `AirportComparator`

Define a class that provides an alternate way to compare two `Airport` instances by implementing the `Comparator` interface following the next instructions:

1. Define the class as the static nested inside your `Airport` class.
1. Use the following stages:

   1. transfer time (ascending)
   1. number of runways (descending)
   1. name (ascending)

## Defining the `main()` method

Define the `main()` method in the `Airport` class following the next instructions:

1. The `main()` method consumes two command-line arguments:

   1. the path of the input CSV document
   1. the path of the output CSV document

1. The program must print a well-detailed error message to the standard error channel if any of the arguments is not present, then terminate its execution immediately with status code `0`.
1. The program reads `Airport` records from the input. Consider the following features:

   1. the file containing most `125` records
   1. the delimiter: `';'`
   1. the file is terminated by `EOF`.

1. Each line of the input represents a record in the following format:

   1. In the case of an `Airport`:

      ```
      <name>;<city>;<runways>;<time>
      ```

   1. In the case of a `MegaAirport`:

      ```
      <name>;<city>;<runways>;<time>;<terminals>
      ```

1. Read and store all the records in a suitable array.
1. Sort the array using the natural order and method `Arrays.sort()`.
1. Print the sorted records using standard input (the format is identical to the input file's one).
1. Sort the array using the alternate order and method `Arrays.sort()` .
1. Print the sorted records to the output file (the format is identical to the input file's one).

## Example

### Command-line arguments

```
input.csv output.csv
```


### File `input.csv`

```
Zurich Kloten;Zurich;3;360
London Heathrow;London;2;240;5
Istanbul Ataturk;Istanbul;3;100
Barcelona El Prat;Barcelona;3;60;2
Zurich Kloten;Zurich;3;220
Istanbul Ataturk;Istanbul;3;120
London Heathrow;London;2;400;5
Barcelona El Prat;Barcelona;3;150;2
```

### Standard output

```
Zurich Kloten;Zurich;3;360
Zurich Kloten;Zurich;3;220
Barcelona El Prat;Barcelona;3;150;2
Istanbul Ataturk;Istanbul;3;120
Istanbul Ataturk;Istanbul;3;100
Barcelona El Prat;Barcelona;3;60;2
London Heathrow;London;2;400;5
London Heathrow;London;2;240;5
```

### File `output.csv`

```
Barcelona El Prat;Barcelona;3;60;2
Istanbul Ataturk;Istanbul;3;100
Istanbul Ataturk;Istanbul;3;120
Barcelona El Prat;Barcelona;3;150;2
Zurich Kloten;Zurich;3;220
London Heathrow;London;2;240;5
Zurich Kloten;Zurich;3;360
London Heathrow;London;2;400;5
```

## Enhance your solution

Try to enhance your solution by performing any of the given steps:

1. Define a named constant in the class `Airport` to refer to an instance of the `AirportComparator` class. In this case, use the static nested class-based approach.

1. Define the static method that gets the array of `Airport` objects as its parameter. The method returns the number of airports with more than one runway.

1. Define the static method that gets the array of `Airport` objects as its parameter. The method returns the number of `MegaAirport` objects in the array.

1. Define the static method that gets the array of `Airport` objects as its parameter. The method returns the number of airports that have more runways than the first element of the array.

1. Define the static method that gets the array of `Airport` objects as its parameter. The method returns the average of runways.

1. Define the static method that gets the array of `Airport` objects and a `City` value as its parameters. The method returns the number of airports located in the given city.

1. Define the static method that gets the array of `Airport` objects as its parameter. The method creates a copy of the array, orders the elements by their names in descending order, and returns the sorted array's reference.

1. Define a static field in the class `Airport` that determines the number of instantiated objects.