# `P20612` - Roller Coasters (`B3`)

Write a program that reads records from a CSV file, then prints them to the standard output and another CSV file applying two different orders.

## Defining class `RollerCoaster`

Define a class to represent a roller coaster:

1. Put the class in the package `leasure` and use the public visibility.
1. Define the following fields:

   1. `name`: name of the coaster (type: `String`)  
   1. `world`: name of the world (an enumerated type, see the next section)
   1. `height`: minimum height of people (type: `int`)
   1. `time`: waiting time (type: `int`)

1. Define a constructor that has the parameters for all the fields!
1. Define a constructor that has the parameters for all the fields except the `runways`. The default `runways` must be `1`.
1. Define a constructor that accepts the full CSV line (as a `String`) and manages the tokenization and parsing. Scroll down to the section *Defining the `main()` method* for more details.
1. Guarantee that the fields are non-visible from other classes.
1. Make the `name` and `city` fields read-only.
1. Define getter methods for all the fields and setter methods for the modifiable fields as well.
1. Override the inherited `toString()` method to return the expected string representation and use it in the `main()` method later. Scroll down to the section *Defining the `main()` method* for more details.
1. Override the inherited `equals()` and `hashCode()` methods to ensure that two instances are equal if and only if their `name` and `city` fields are the same.
1. Define the natural order of the instances by implementing the `Comparable` interface. Use the following stages:

   1. waiting time (ascending)
   1. height (descending)
   1. name (ascending)

## Defining enum `World`

Define the `World` enum class to represent the worlds:

1. Define it as class `RollerCoaster`'s static nested class and use the public visibility.
1. Define the following values:

   1. `FAR_WEST` (represents *Far West*)
   1. `MEDITERRANEA` (represents *Mediterranea*)
   1. `SESAMO_AVENTURA` (represents *SesamoAventura*)
   1. `MEXICO` (represents *Mexico*)
   1. `CHINA` (represents *China*)

1. Define the field `name` (type: `String`) to store the represented values.
1. Make the field as private and read-only.
1. Define a constructor that initializes the field.
1. Guarantee that the `name` field of each value gets the corresponding `name` field by invoking the constructor.
1. Define the static method `parseWorld()` that gets a string representation of a constant and returns its corresponding value. The method must throw an `IllegalArgumentException` with a corresponding message in the case of a mismatch.
1. Override the inherited `toString()` method to return the `name` field's value.

## Defining class `InvertedRollerCoaster`

1. Derive the class from class `Airport` to represent an inverted roller coaster.
1. Define the class as another top-level one of the original source code and use the package-level visibility.
1. Define the following additional field:

   * `inversions`: the number of inversions (type: `int`)

1. Define a constructor that accepts the full CSV line (as a `String`) and manages the tokenization and parsing. Scroll down to the section *Defining the `main()` method* for more details.
1. Guarantee that the field is non-visible from other classes.
1. Make the field read-only.
1. Define a getter method for the field.
1. Override the inherited `toString()` method to return the expected string representation and use it in the `main()` method later. The method must reuse the inherited `toString()` implementation. Scroll down to the section *Defining the `main()` method* for more details.

## Defining class `RollerCoasterComparator`

Define a class that provides an alternate way to compare two `RollerCoaster` instances by implementing the `Comparator` interface following the next instructions:

1. Define the class the static nested one inside your `RollerCoaster` class.
1. Use the following stages:

   1. height (descending)
   1. waiting time (ascending)
   1. name (ascending)


## Defining the `main()` method

Define the `main()` method in the `RollerCoaster` class following the next instructions:

1. The `main()` method consumes two command-line arguments:

   1. the path of the input CSV document
   1. the path of the output CSV document

1. The program must print a well-detailed error message to the standard error channel if any of the arguments is not present, then terminate its execution immediately with status code `0`.
1. The program reads `RollerCoaster` records from the input. Consider the following features:

   1. the file containing most `125` records
   1. the delimiter: `';'`
   1. the file is terminated by `EOF`.

1. Each line of the input represents a record in the following format:

   1. In the case of a `RollerCoaster`:

      ```
      <name>;<world>;<height>;<time>
      ```

   1. In the case of an `InvertedRollerCoaster`:

      ```
      <name>;<world>;<height>;<time>;<inversions>
      ```

1. Read and store all the records in a suitable array.
1. Sort the array using the natural order and method `Arrays.sort()`.
1. Print the sorted records using standard input (the format is identical to the input file's one).
1. Sort the array using the alternate order and method `Arrays.sort()` .
1. Print the sorted records to the output file (the format is identical to the input file's one).

## Example

### Command-line arguments

```
input.csv output.csv
```


### File `input.csv`

```
Furius baco;Mediterranea;140;120;1
Shambhala;China;140;120
Dragon Khan;China;140;80;8
Stampida;Far West;120;20
Tami Tami;SesamoAventura;100;20
El Diablo;Mexico;140;30
```

### Standard output

```
Stampida;Far West;120;20
Tami Tami;SesamoAventura;100;20
El Diablo;Mexico;140;30
Dragon Khan;China;140;80;8
Furius baco;Mediterranea;140;120;1
Shambhala;China;140;120
```

### File `output.csv`

```
Furius baco;Mediterranea;140;120;1
Shambhala;China;140;120
Dragon Khan;China;140;80;8
El Diablo;Mexico;140;30
Stampida;Far West;120;20
Tami Tami;SesamoAventura;100;20
```
