# `P20613` - LEGO Sets (`B3`)

Write a program that reads records from a CSV file, then prints them to the standard output and another CSV file applying two different orders.

## Defining class `LegoSet`

Define a class to represent a LEGO set:

1. Put the class in the package `toys` and use the public visibility.
1. Define the following fields:

   1. `number`: number of the set (type: `String`)
   1. `name`: name of the set (type: `String`)
   1. `theme`: theme of the set (an enumerated type, see the next section)
   1. `pieces`: pieces in the set (type: `int`)

1. Define a constructor that has the parameters for all the fields!
1. Define a constructor that has the parameters for all the fields except the `theme`. The default `them` must be `CITY`.
1. Define a constructor that accepts the full CSV line (as a `String`) and manages the tokenization and parsing. Scroll down to the section *Defining the `main()` method* for more details.
1. Guarantee that the fields are non-visible from other classes.
1. Make the `name` and `theme` fields read-only.
1. Define getter methods for all the fields and setter methods for the modifiable fields as well.
1. Override the inherited `toString()` method to return the expected string representation and use it in the `main()` method later. Scroll down to the section *Defining the `main()` method* for more details.
1. Override the inherited `equals()` and `hashCode()` methods to ensure that two instances are equal if and only if their `number` fields are the same.
1. Define the natural order of the instances by implementing the `Comparable` interface. Use the following stages:

   1. pieces (descending)
   1. name (ascending)
   1. number (ascending)

## Defining enum `Theme`

Define the `Theme` enum class to represent the themes:

1. Define it as class `LegoSet`'s static nested class and use the public visibility.
1. Define the following values:

   1. `CITY` (represents *City*)
   1. `STAR_WARS` (represents *Star Wars*)
   1. `HARRY_POTTER` (represents *Harry Potter*)
   1. `CREATOR_EXPERT` (represents *Creator Expert*)

1. Define the field `name` (type: `String`) to store the represented values.
1. Make the field as private and read-only.
1. Define a constructor that initializes the field.
1. Guarantee that the `name` field of each value gets the corresponding `name` field by invoking the constructor.
1. Define the static method `parseTheme()` that gets a string representation of a constant and returns its corresponding value. The method must throw an `IllegalArgumentException` with a corresponding message in the case of a mismatch.
1. Override the inherited `toString()` method to return the `name` field's value.

## Defining class `LegoSetWithMinifigures`

1. Derive the class from class `LegoSet` to represent an exclusive LEGO set.
1. Define the class as another top-level one of the original source code and use the package-level visibility.
1. Define the following additional field:

   * `minifigures`: the number of minifigures (type: `int`)

1. Define a constructor that accepts the full CSV line (as a `String`) and manages the tokenization and parsing. Scroll down to the section *Defining the `main()` method* for more details.
1. Guarantee that the field is non-visible from other classes.
1. Make the field read-only.
1. Define a getter method for the field.
1. Override the inherited `toString()` method to return the expected string representation and use it in the `main()` method later. The method must reuse the inherited `toString()` implementation. Scroll down to the section *Defining the `main()` method* for more details.

## Defining class `LegoSetComparator`

Define a class that provides an alternate way to compare two `LegoSet` instances by implementing the `Comparator` interface following the next instructions:

1. Define the class the static nested one inside your `LegoSet` class.
1. Use the following stages:

   1. name (descending)
   1. pieces (ascending)
   1. number (ascending)


## Defining the `main()` method

Define the `main()` method in the `LegoSet` class following the next instructions:

1. The `main()` method consumes two command-line arguments:

   1. the path of the input CSV document
   1. the path of the output CSV document

1. The program must print a well-detailed error message to the standard error channel if any of the arguments is not present, then terminate its execution immediately with status code `0`.
1. The program reads `LegoSet` records from the input. Consider the following features:

   1. the file containing most `125` records
   1. the delimiter: `';'`
   1. the file is terminated by `EOF`.

1. Each line of the input represents a record in the following format:

   1. In the case of a `LegoSet`:

      ```
      <number>;<name>;<theme>;<pieces>
      ```

   1. In the case of an `LegoSetWithMinifigures`:

      ```
      <number>;<name>;<theme>;<pieces>;<minifigures>
      ```

1. Read and store all the records in a suitable array.
1. Sort the array using the natural order and method `Arrays.sort()`.
1. Print the sorted records using standard input (the format is identical to the input file's one).
1. Sort the array using the alternate order and method `Arrays.sort()` .
1. Print the sorted records to the output file (the format is identical to the input file's one).

## Example

### Command-line arguments

```
input.csv output.csv
```


### File `input.csv`

```
30356;Hot dog stand;City;43
30360;Arctic Ice Saw;City;43
30381;Imperial TIE Fighter;Star Wars;42
10258;London Bus;Creator Expert;1686
10253;Big Ben;Creator Expert;4163
```

### Standard output

```
10253;Big Ben;Creator Expert;4163
10258;London Bus;Creator Expert;1686
30360;Arctic Ice Saw;City;43
30356;Hot dog stand;City;43
30381;Imperial TIE Fighter;Star Wars;42
```

### File `output.csv`

```
10258;London Bus;Creator Expert;1686
30381;Imperial TIE Fighter;Star Wars;42
30356;Hot dog stand;City;43
10253;Big Ben;Creator Expert;4163
30360;Arctic Ice Saw;City;43
```
