# `P20512` - Airports (`B2`, version #3)

Write a program that reads airports from the standard input, then sorts and prints them to the standard output.

## Defining class `Airport`

Define a class to represent airports:

1. Put the class in the package `aviation.v3`.
1. Define the following fields:

   * `name`: name of the airport (type: `String`)
   * `city`: name of the city (an enumerated type, see the next section)
   * `runways`: number of runways (type: `int`)
   * `time`: transfer time (type: `int`)

1. Define a constructor that has the parameters for all the fields!
1. Define a constructor that has the parameters for all the fields except the `runways`. The default `runways` should be `1`.
1. Define a constructor that accepts the full CSV line (as a `String`) and manages the tokenization and parsing.
1. Guarantee that the fields are non-visible from other classes.
1. Make the `name` and `city` fields read-only.
1. Define getter methods for all the fields and setter methods for the modifiable fields as well.
1. Override the inherited `toString()` method to return the expected string representation and use it in the `main` method.
1. Override the inherited `equals()` and `hashCode()` methods to ensure that two instances are equal if and only if their `name` and `city` fields are the same.
1. Define the natural order of the instances by implementing the `Comparable` interface. Use the following stages:

   1. number of runways (descending)
   1. transfer time (descending)
   1. name (ascending)

## Defining enum `City`

Define the `City` Enum class to represent the cities:

1. Define it as class `Airport`'s static nested class.
1. Define the field `name` (type: `String`) to store the represented values.
1. Make the field as private and read-only.
1. Define a constructor that initializes the field.
1. Define the following values, add the represented values as the values for the field:

   1. `ZURICH` (represents *Zurich*)
   1. `LONDON` (represents *London*)
   1. `ISTANBUL` (represents *Istanbul*)
   1. `BARCELONA` (represents *Barcelona*)

1. Define the static method `parseCity()` that gets a string representation of a constant and returns its corresponding value (`null` in the case of a mismatch).
1. Override the inherited `toString()` method to return the field's value.

## Defining class `MegaAirport`

1. Derive the class from class `Airport` to represent a "mega-airport". Put the class in the same package.
1. Define the following additional field:

   * `terminals`: the number of terminals (type: `int`)

1. Define a constructor that accepts the full CSV line (as a `String`) and manages the tokenization and parsing.
1. Guarantee that the field is non-visible from other classes.
1. Make the field read-only.
1. Define a getter method for the field.
1. Override the inherited `toString()` method to return a well-detailed string representation of the state.

## Defining class `AirportComparator`

Define a class that provides an alternate way to compare two `Airport` instances implementing the `Comparator` interface. Use the following stages:

1. transfer time (descending)
1. number of runways (descending)
1. name (ascending)

You can choose between the following options:

1. Define the class as a top-level one in the original source code.
1. Define the class as a nested one inside your original class.
1. Define the class as a static nested one inside your original class.
1. Define the class as an anonymous one inside your `main()` method.

## Defining class `Test`

Define class `Test` in the same package to contain the `main()` method.

1. You read `Airport` records from the standard input in CSV format (using the delimiter `';'`).
1. The standard input contains at most `125` records. The end of the input is denoted by `EOF`.
1. Each line of the standard input and output represents a record in the following format:

   1. In the case of an `Airport`:

      ```
      <name>;<city>;<runways>;<time>
      ```

   1. In the case of a `MegaAirport`:

      ```
      <name>;<city>;<runways>;<time>;<terminals>
      ```

1. Read and store all the records in a suitable array.
1. Sort the array using the natural order and method `Arrays.sort()` and print the sorted records to the standard output.
1. Print an empty line to the standard output.
1. Sort the array usng the alternate order and method `Arrays.sort()` and print the sorted records to the standard output.

## Example

### Standard input

```
Zurich Kloten;Zurich;3;360
London Heathrow;London;2;240;5
Istanbul Ataturk;Istanbul;3;100
Barcelona El Prat;Barcelona;3;60;2
Zurich Kloten;Zurich;3;220
Istanbul Ataturk;Istanbul;3;120
London Heathrow;London;2;400;5
Barcelona El Prat;Barcelona;3;150;2
```

### Standard output

```
Zurich Kloten;Zurich;3;360
Zurich Kloten;Zurich;3;220
Barcelona El Prat;Barcelona;3;150;2
Istanbul Ataturk;Istanbul;3;120
Istanbul Ataturk;Istanbul;3;100
Barcelona El Prat;Barcelona;3;60;2
London Heathrow;London;2;400;5
London Heathrow;London;2;240;5

London Heathrow;London;2;400;5
Zurich Kloten;Zurich;3;360
London Heathrow;London;2;240;5
Zurich Kloten;Zurich;3;220
Barcelona El Prat;Barcelona;3;150;2
Istanbul Ataturk;Istanbul;3;120
Istanbul Ataturk;Istanbul;3;100
Barcelona El Prat;Barcelona;3;60;2
```
