# `P20523` - Roller Coasters (`B2`, version #3)

Write a program that reads roller coasters from the standard input, then sorts and prints them to the standard output.

## Defining class `RollerCoaster`

Define a class to represent roller coasters:

1. Put the class in the package `leasure.v2`.
1. Define the following fields:

   * `name`: name of the coaster (type: `String`)  
   * `world`: name of the world (an enumerated type, see the next section)
   * `height`: minimum height of people (type: `int`)
   * `time`: waiting time (type: `int`)

1. Define a constructor that has the parameters for all the fields!
1. Define a constructor that has the parameters for all the fields except the `height`. The default `height` should be `120`.
1. Define a constructor that accepts the full CSV line (as a `String`) and manages the tokenization and parsing.
1. Guarantee that the fields are non-visible from other classes.
1. Make the `name` and `world` fields read-only.
1. Define getter methods for all the fields and setter methods for the modifiable fields as well.
1. Override the inherited `toString()` method to return the expected string representation and use it in the `main` method.
1. Override the inherited `equals()` and `hashCode()` methods to ensure that two instances are equal if and only if their `name` and `world` fields are the same.
1. Define the natural order of the instances by implementing the `Comparable` interface. Use the following stages:

   1. waiting time (ascending)
   2. height (descending)
   3. name (ascending)

## Defining enum `World`

Define the `World` Enum class to represent the worlds:

1. Define it as class `RollerCoaster`'s static nested class.
1. Define the field `name` (type: `String`) to store the represented values.
1. Make the field as private and read-only.
1. Define a constructor that initializes the field.
1. Define the following values, add the represented values as the values for the field:

   1. `FAR_WEST` (represents *Far West*)
   1. `MEDITERRANEA` (represents *Mediterranea*)
   1. `SESAMO_AVENTURA` (represents *SesamoAventura*)
   1. `MEXICO` (represents *Mexico*)
   1. `CHINA` (represents *China*)

1. Define the static method `parseWorld()` that gets a string representation of a constant and returns its corresponding value (`null` in the case of a mismatch).
1. Override the inherited `toString()` method to return the field's value.

## Defining class `InvertedRollerCoaster`

1. Derive the class from class `RollerCoaster` to represent an inverted roller coaster. Put the class in the same package.
1. Define the following additional field:

   * `inversions`: the number of inversions (type: `int`)

1. Define a constructor that accepts the full CSV line (as a `String`) and manages the tokenization and parsing.
1. Guarantee that the field is non-visible from other classes.
1. Make the field read-only.
1. Define a getter method for the field.
1. Override the inherited `toString()` method to return a well-detailed string representation of the state.

## Defining class `RollerCoasterComparator`

Define a class that is capable of comparing two `RollerCoaster` instances implementing the `Comparator` interface. Use the following stages:

1. height (descending)
1. waiting time (ascending)
1. name (ascending)

You can choose between the following options:

1. Define the class as a top-level one in the original source code.
1. Define the class as a nested one inside your original class.
1. Define the class as a static nested one inside your original class.
1. Define the class as an anonymous one inside your `main()` method.


## Defining class `Test`

Define class `Test` in the same package to contain the `main()` method.

1. You read `RollerCoaster` records from the standard input in CSV format (using the delimiter `';'`).
1. The standard input contains at most `125` records. The end of the input is denoted by `EOF`.
1. Each line of the standard input and output represents a record in the following format:

   1. In the case of a `RollerCoaster`:

      ```
      <name>;<world>;<height>;<time>
      ```

   1. In the case of an `InvertedRollerCoaster`:

      ```
      <name>;<world>;<height>;<time>;<inversions>
      ```

1. Read and store all the records in a suitable array.
1. Sort the array using the natural order and method `Arrays.sort()` and print the sorted records to the standard output.
1. Print an empty line to the standard output.
1. Sort the array usng the alternate order and method `Arrays.sort()` and print the sorted records to the standard output.

## Example

### Standard input

```
Furius baco;Mediterranea;140;120;1
Shambhala;China;140;120
Dragon Khan;China;140;80;8
Stampida;Far West;120;20
Tami Tami;SesamoAventura;100;20
El Diablo;Mexico;140;30
```

### Standard output

```
Stampida;Far West;120;20
Tami Tami;SesamoAventura;100;20
El Diablo;Mexico;140;30
Dragon Khan;China;140;80;8
Furius baco;Mediterranea;140;120;1
Shambhala;China;140;120

Furius baco;Mediterranea;140;120;1
Shambhala;China;140;120
Dragon Khan;China;140;80;8
El Diablo;Mexico;140;30
Stampida;Far West;120;20
Tami Tami;SesamoAventura;100;20
```